izes an edit video and now I'm showing
you my newest and best invention I call
it it it the lifesaver because it's
light saver there's pretty long as you
can see and it you can push it down and
keep it in there which is actually
pretty cool and you could put it in
their pocket it doesn't fit much but yes
and then here I'll show you how it could
work
sorry how long I'm taking but I'm trying
to get away without my thing falling
okay as you can see here it is and then
all I had to do is pull this up and it
pulls the rest out with it and the cool
part is that doesn't fall out at all how
much you try to wiggle it it doesn't
come out and then I'm not gonna do it
story oh I'm probably doing this but you
may take long all I have to do is take
three sheets of paper roll it around and
before you do that fold it down then
make sure that rolled up paper has the
thing in the inside and then the same
thing with another one with cardstock
fold it and get outwards and go to the
other side flip it and fold it downwards
now spin it any way you want and make
sure the bottom part that you're putting
in there has to have the gripping parts
so now I'll do that and the last one
just put a gripping part at the bottom
and then you're done it's a pretty cool
lightsaber I mean as you can see here's
and it's so cool you cannot make it
comes out it's kind of cool as you can
see I think it's the coolest invention
I've made since yet it doesn't even come
out pretty cool and I kind of like it
and all you have to do is push it in and
then push it all the way in doesn't fall
out at all as you can see and this is my
video of my lightsaber I just made and I
showed you also the tutorial of how to
do it you could decorate it how you want
and this is it bye subscribe like and
comment